# Image processing based object tracking robot
 In this study, the subjects of sensing the environment of autonomous vehicles and image processing were investigated in general, and as a result, vehicle construction was planned and realized. In the application software, it was decided to perform image processing with OpenCV and detailed explanations were made about the subject. Detection in pictures and videos, the purpose of blurring and morphological operations on the object to be followed, and the way they are done are researched and explained. Explain how to detect edges and apply contours in a simple image, and discuss object identification, tracking, and classification.
has been changed. The features of the hardware products used are specified, and information is given about the programming languages and methods selected for the vehicle's software.
The way to obtain the necessary environment for the project and the installation of the selected OpenCV are explained. After the environment has been prepared, information about the source codes and the steps taken for the vehicle to follow the object is given and supported with visuals. After the project software, the connection scheme of the project was formed.
By combining the codes written in the light of the methods and information learned as a result of the research and the hardware obtained, the construction of an autonomous vehicle that detects the determined object and moves towards the object far from the camera, stops if the object is close to the camera, and tries to search for the object if it loses the image has been completed.
